Added new kb article set-all-page-size-option-as-default (#1812)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/set-all-page-size-option-as-default.md

---

> title: Set "All" PageSize option as default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set "All" PageSize Option as Default
```

description: How to set the "All" option for the PageSize as default in Telerik Grid for Blazor.
type: how-to

> page_title: Set "All" PageSize option as default | Telerik Grid for Blazor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: How to Set "All" PageSize Option as Default
```

> slug: set-all-page-size-option-as-default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: grid-kb-set-all-pagesize-option-as-default
```

> tags: 

Reviewer: should be comma separated?

  - Telerik Grid
  - Blazor
  - Page Size
  - All Option
  - Default
ticketid: 1624891
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
| Property | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Product | Grid for Blazor |

## Description

I want to set the default selected entry in the Pager of the Telerik Grid to be "All" items. However, the `PageSize` property only accepts a non-nullable `int`, so I cannot bind it to a nullable `int?` variable. Is there a way to initialize the `PageSize` with `null` to indicate that I want the "All" option as the default?

## Solution

> The  `PageSize` property of the Grid accepts a non-nullable `int` by design. To set the "All" option as the default for the page size in the Telerik Grid, use a custom approach as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PageSize` parameter of the Grid accepts a non-nullable `int` by design. To set the "All" option as the default for the page size in the Telerik Grid, use a custom approach as follows:
```

1. In the component's initialization method (`OnInitializedAsync`), load the data and set the `PageSize` property to the total count of the records.
2. Add the "All" option (`null`) to the `PageSizes` collection.
3. Bind the `PageSize` property to the `@bind-PageSize` attribute of the `TelerikGrid` component.

> 4. Specify the `PageSizes` collection in the `GridPagerSettings` component to display the dropdown with the available page sizes.

Reviewer: There should be a step about setting `PageSize` to the data count

Reviewer 2: This is listed in the first step:
1. In the component's initialization method (`OnInitializedAsync`), load the data and set the `PageSize` property to the total count of the records.

Here's an example implementation:

> ```

Reviewer: Add `>caption`
